[DOCS] Fix link in Stack Upgrade Guide (#1986)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/upgrading-elasticsearch.asciidoc

If you upgrade an {es} cluster that uses deprecated cluster or index settings

> that are not used in the target version, they are archived and ignored.

Reviewer: This guidance got updated with https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/82069.
```suggestion
that are not used in the target version, they are archived. We
recommend you remove any archived settings after upgrading.
```
